EDU-14378 - Updates Rating component tokens (#1816)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/faststore/components/molecules/rating.mdx

---
title: "Rating"
excerpt: Displays a product rating based on other shoppers' feedback.
components:
  - Rating.tsx
---

> The `Rating` component displays a product's average rating based on other shoppers' feedback and reviews. It supports icons from our components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Rating component displays a product’s average rating based on shopper feedback and reviews. It supports customizable icons provided by the [Icon component](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/reference-icons).
```

Reviewer: > It supports icons from our components.

Achei que essa frase ficou meio solta
